[ADD] pos/pine_labs: add Pine Labs terminal page (#14518)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/terminals/pine_labs.rst

=========
Pine Labs
=========

`Pine Labs <https://www.pinelabs.com/instore-pos-machine>`_ offers in-store payment solutions for
customer transactions through several `physical terminals
<https://www.pinelabs.com/contact-sales?tab=new&form=instorepayments>`_.

.. important::

>    - The Odoo Pine Labs module is only available for companies using the INR currency.

Reviewer: Any particular reason why we don't want to say *Indian companies*?

   - Pine Labs terminals accept credit/debit cards (Visa, MasterCard, and RuPay) and UPI QR codes
     by swiping, scanning, or tapping.

.. _pos/pine-labs/credentials:

> Credentials retrieval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pine Labs credentials
```

=====================

`Create a Pine Labs account and order at least one terminal
<https://www.pinelabs.com/contact-sales?tab=new>`_. The system then sends an email with the
following credentials:

- Merchant ID
- Store ID
- Client ID
- Security Token

.. _pos/pine-labs/odoo-configuration:

Odoo configuration
==================

> To enable Pine Labs in Odoo, first :ref:`install the POS Pine Labs module <general/install>` to
> make it visible in the list of payment terminals. Then, go to the :ref:`POS settings
> <configuration/settings>` and enable the relevant :ref:`payment terminal
> <pos/terminals/configuration>`.
> 
> To create a :doc:`payment method </applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods>` with Pine
> Labs, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods`, click
> :guilabel:`New`, and follow these steps:

Reviewer: - I'm sure you already know this but just in case: installing the module manually isn't necessary from 18.4
- I would have the same structure/wording for the steps as for viva.com: 

```suggestion
To enable Pine Labs in Odoo, first :ref:`install the POS Pine Labs module <general/install>` to
make it visible in the list of payment terminals. Then, follow these steps to connect the Pine Labs terminal with Odoo Point of Sale:

#. Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll down to the
   :guilabel:`Payment Terminals` section, enable the :guilabel:`Pine labs` terminal, and click
   :guilabel:`Save`.
#. Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods` and :doc:`create a
   payment method <../../payment_methods>`.
```

#. Set the :guilabel:`Journal` field to :guilabel:`Bank`.
#. Select the :guilabel:`Point of Sale`.
#. Set the :guilabel:`Integration` field to :guilabel:`Terminal`.
#. Set the :guilabel:`Integrate with` field to :guilabel:`Pine Labs`.
#. Paste the copied :ref:`credentials <pos/pine-labs/credentials>` in their corresponding fields.
#. Select the preferred payment mode in the :guilabel:`Pine Labs Allowed Payment Modes` field and
   save.
#. Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Settings` and add the created payment
   method to the :guilabel:`Payment Methods` list to make it available in the POS interface.

> #. Click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: Should we also mention the Pine Labs Test Mode in a tip; I suppose this allows to test the device without actually creating transactions? Is a setting required on the Pine Labs device for this?

(see test mode for payment providers: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/finance/payment_providers.html#test-mode
